2023-02-24 Serge Barral (#198)
rustacean-station/rustacean-station.org: _episodes/interviews/2023-02-24-serge-barral.md

---
title: "Asynchronix with Serge Barral"

> date: 2023-02-24T08:44:00Z

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2023-02-24T09:19:00Z
```

file: https://audio.rustacean-station.org/file/rustacean-station/2023-02-24-serge-barral.mp3
duration: "42:26"
length: "40736810"
#reddit: (leave blank on initial publish, amend with link and uncomment this line after Reddit thread has been posted)
---

> Allen Wyma talks with [Serge Barral](https://www.linkedin.com/in/serge-barral-9a2805218/) about Asynchronix, a event simulation framework written in Rust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allen Wyma talks with [Serge Barral](https://www.linkedin.com/in/serge-barral-9a2805218/) about [Asynchronix](https://github.com/asynchronics/asynchronix), a event simulation framework written in Rust.
```

## Contributing to Rustacean Station

Rustacean Station is a community project; get in touch with us if you'd like to suggest an idea for an episode or offer your services as a host or audio editor!

- Twitter: [@rustaceanfm](https://twitter.com/rustaceanfm)
- Discord: [Rustacean Station](https://discord.gg/cHc3Gyc)
- Github: [@rustacean-station](https://github.com/rustacean-station/)
- Email: [hello@rustacean-station.org](mailto:hello@rustacean-station.org)

## Timestamps

> - [@0:00] - Asynchronix Introduction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@0:00] - What is [Asynchronix](https://github.com/asynchronics/asynchronix)?
```

- [@2:21] - Writing Rust documentation
- [@4:28] - Serge’s career & background

> - [@8:51] - How does Aynchronix simulator work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@8:51] - How does the Asynchronix simulator work?
```

- [@11:40] - The importance of writing the library in Rust
- [@16:51] - Time-based simulation and practical use cases
- [@26:59] - Building the custom executor

> - [@30:48] - How long is Serge working on Asynchronix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@30:48] - How long did it take to build Asynchronix?
```

> - [@34:10] - Asynchronix's vision on providing services for developing modern systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@34:10] - Asynchronix's vision to improve modern systems development
```

> - [@40:15] - How to get in touch and learn more about Asynchronix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@40:15] - Getting in touch to learn more about Asynchronix
```
